100 billion.
Didn't you just say you were going to be a guard dog at my house?
Come and call twice to hear you
Hey, what are you doing?
Manager Sun, Manager Sun, let go of my dog all night
I'm so sorry you did this to me.
Is Boss Shen right?
Am I just a snob?
Who has money and who do I hang out with?
Then you beast
I want to tell you
This Ling Yun is just a small son
Do you know who I am?
Ah, say it and scare you to death
I am a partner of the Earth Cloud Group
The CEOs of Diyun Group are all friends of Shenyang
What are you crazy about as a little partner?
Never heard of it.
No permanent friends
Only eternal interests
How can friends let go?
The relationship between people
How does your dog understand?
Lord Piaoxue is here
I see how you are still pretending
Hey
Lord Piaoxue
He is the one who dares to steal the card of our Lingyun chairperson
And he said he was your friend.
How could you possibly have a friend like him?
Open your mouth